All
right, y'all. We [music]
are live on this beautiful Friday
afternoon. God bless you all in Jesus
name. In the name of Yeshua, the
Messiah, I pray that you are all super
blessed
as the Bitcoin price is pumping straight
up. I mean, would you look at this,
guys?
Big old daily juicy candle, big old
green dot market cipher B. [music] And
man, oh man,
I you know what? I I I I hate I I'm not
Look, I hope this doesn't come off the
wrong way, guys. [music]
I'm just really happy that we were able
to catch the long from the low and that
the confidence in the indicator, guys,
you know, was was spot on. That's the
thing. That's the thing. The confidence
in the indicator, the purple to the
blue, the purple to the blue, baby. You
cannot mess with the purple to the blue.
You know, from the purple to the blue,
that's what she's going to do. She's
going to pump even the 24m minute from
the purple
to the blue, man.
Like, like take notes, y'all. These are
the best trade setups. And it took time.
That's another thing. It took time. It
took time. But now, here we are. We came
back up to our tar
at the top of the range, which was the
value area high, you know, valley area
high of the range.
What were we looking at? Was it this?
What was our actual Maybe we Maybe it
was this. Yeah. Yeah, [music] we're long
from here. Take profits up here. Now,
obviously, I've added to the position
here. I've secured a nice $5,000 profit.
Total $6,000 now, cuz I I did enter from
another account as well. We still got
200K in the trade here. We're up another
3500.
And let's see what happens, guys. Is
this the day that we break out and hit
80K? I've got $200,000 on a long here.
I've got $375 on a short, but then of
course I've got my swing trade open with
$400 and something,000.
I think 460 460 over here. Yeah, 460
over here. And we are
420, I'm sorry. 420. And we're pumping.
We're up 55K
on this juicy swing. And I I'm tempted
to add to it, man. I'm not going to lie.
I'm tempted to add to it. I was hoping
we'd come down a little bit lower to add
to it. I'm tempted to add to it, but I
I'm not I don't want to ruin that juicy
entry from $68,000 PC. You know what I'm
saying? So, I'm just going to hodddle
it. I'm going to see what happens as
we're coming on in. Coming on up. Coming
on in. Coming on up. Coming on in.
Coming on up. Coming on in. Coming on
up. You know, big shout out to everybody
in the chat. All right. First of all, we
got to give a major shout out to Sergio.
He says, "Please give us 84 so I can
take a wife changing short." And he
says, "My eyes are super intense." I
guess you're talking about the thumbnail
eyes, right?
Yeah. I've got two different color eyes
in the thumbnails, but in real life,
these are my eyes.
Okay. [music]
>> Yeah. Uh, big shout out to Juan Estrada
PCL. What if there's no dip? If there's
no dip, we're going to have to eat our
chips with no dip. We're going to have
to eat our carrot sticks with no dip.
All right. Shout out to Jay Becker who
says, "God bless." Shout out to Stein
Ravenhorse who says, "Man, joining the
Casper crew is the best thing I've done.
Amazing group." Well, God bless you,
man. Thank you for shilling my paid
group. You know, it's always good for to
to to have somebody shilling my paid
group for me so I don't have to say
click the link in the description, you
know. Um, but God bless you, man. Big
shout out to Flipper Frank. What's going
on, man? Shout out to Russ Publicas.
Good evening, y'all. He says, "God
bless." Shout out to Ivan.
Hey Jay from Easy Market B. Oh, that's
you.
150K is next says Juan Estrada. Monthly
chart down to the 1 minute. Yeah, we
could do we could do some high time
frame analysis. Yeah, we could do some
high time frame monthly chart down to
the one. Absolutely. Shout out to the
Exodus.
Hello everybody. Let's pamp at JC. Good
morning. Good morning to you. Big shout
out to Paradigm Miner, the one who took
the profits
and uh took the trade.
Shout out to Buen 9 9168.
9168.
That's cuz he's 91 years old. He was
born in 1868.
Math doesn't math. But you know what? It
doesn't matter. This is the internet. He
says C in the Casper crew stands for
cocaine.
Well, sometimes need a little extra
something to keep things rolling.
Shout out to RC guy
speaking to Mrs. Casper. Can Jason come
out to play today? Look, man. Mrs.
Casper don't don't own me. It's the
other way around. She calls me master,
[music]
you know. She calls me master. She calls
me Lord. Yes, Lord. He says, "Shout out
to two real for you. Did I hit my 100K
winner?" No, man. No, I didn't. I didn't
hit it yet. No, I didn't. Didn't hit it
yet. Shout out to Nightlife End. We need
to add whale to Jason's name. When he
says it's going up. When he says down,
it's going down. He's the real market
maker. Nah, I ain't the real market
maker. You know who's the real market
maker in here? [music] Buying. All
right.
Buying. Buying's the real market maker.
He wants to know, "How do I get in these
trades? Do I have a group or something?"
Yes, [music] bro. I have a group at
jasonaspertrading.com.
Boy, make sure to go click the link.
Join the VIP Discord, man. All right.
Where myself and other instructors like
Buen are given the dang juice every
single day. All right.
Every single day.
[music] Um,
Barad Dive Miner.
Big shouts to Boyan in the chat.
Um,
nah, boy is the real market maker. It's
hard to add to winning trades. Well,
it's not so hard to add to winning
trades. I mean, this long trade I've
added to, right? I've added to this long
trade here. My my new entry is is right
here. But look, this that swing trade is
a little special to me. I'm really
trying to make $100,000 and I'm not
trying to add to it unless we come down
to a swing trade support. Right? You
don't add to a swing trade unless you're
coming down to a swing trade support,
you know. Um, big shout out to Tom O
Cash. Really? Is this true? There's
explosions in Iran really fast yesterday
in a race. Trying to, you know, keep it
keep it PG for the ALOS here. I don't
know if you're allowed to talk about I
ran really fast yesterday in that race
and there was an explosion. Really
didn't [music] know that. Didn't know
that. All right. Shout out to Magamax
Cherry who says, "Let's go, Jay. I'm
short."
All right, short. [music] When do I
short? When do you short? When do I
short? Big shouts to to T in the chat.
Shout out to Lord Black video. Um,
yeah, Buen is the real market maker.
That's true. That's true. Um,
no way we're seeing 80K today. Really?
You don't think we're seeing 80K today?
Do you think we're going to dump? Do you
think this is the the real dump right
now? Is that what you think? You think
this is the real dump? Let's take a look
at the chart. All right. Well, you know,
objectively speaking, we are at the
value area high of the range. All right.
We are at the value area high of the
range. So, here's what needs to happen
right now. We need to hold support at
the PC. Simple as that. 77742.
We need to hold support at 77742.
All right.
That's where we need to hold. And
honestly, the the the place we're
finding a little bit of resistance right
now is this daily level
at 78
268. All right, 78.268. Find a little
bit of resistance. Let's see how the
daily candle closes. But really, guys,
honestly, let's see if we can hold
support at the PC.
All right, the PC.
If we can hold support at the PC, maybe
dip a little bit below. just a little
bit below to the support resistance
split that we have right here at around
77453.
If we hold that, well, we're gravy.
We're gravy. We're gravy.
You know, man, look at this short trade
though. Prince right now.
But nah, I think we're going to pump.
All right.
Shout out to Cryptocons Paradigm Miner
84K new target. Shout out to Dak Beak
25.
Uh, bullish on parade says, "Well, I
guess long oil." Yeah. Are there really
explosions going on? Let's check the
news here.
Let's check the the news.
Let me see what we got here. [music]
I don't see anything except for like Oh,
wait. 13 minutes ago.
Eh, I don't see anything.
6 minutes ago,
Iran offers new proposals for talks with
the US to end war standoffs. I don't I
don't know. Is this on Twitter? Where
you seeing this news here? Where you
seeing this news is on Twi Twitter.
Let's find out. Let's find out.
All right, let's go to twitter.com.
twitter.com [music]
and
[music]
see anything on Twitter either,
you know. I don't see anything on
Twitter either, but but [music] you know
what?
We'll see what happens over the weekend.
Typically, you know,
it tends to be when there is war news,
it causes a pump, but then massive dump.
Small pump, massive dump. Small pump,
massive dump.
Boy says, "Did you guys know that it's
Labor Day in China?" And Yorup
Yorup.
All right, let's see here.
Shout out to Nod out Bowit.
VWAP and Valley area high are both at
the 777 area.
Yeah, that's going to be a pretty key
support right now. Let's put on our VWAP
and see where we're at here. [music]
Uh I got to get to this other chart.
Actually, you know what? I'll just put
it on here. Let's see. This definitely
looks consolidation-y to me.
I don't think we're going to get a big
drop, but we might, of course. But yeah,
here we go. VWAP at 77540.
Yeah. And and then of course we have
that fair value gap
also on the 1 hour. Let's go to the 30
minute quick. Let's take a look at TPO.
See what we got. If we have any Oh yeah,
look at that. We have single prints as
well. We have single prints as well
right there. So
just one single print, you know,
literally just one single print right
there. So, it's a nice little support
resistance flip flip-flop right there.
Well, guys, you know, guess what?
It is a brand new month.
Shout out to everybody who made it
through April. Happy May. Happy May. You
know what they say? They say short in
May
and walk away.
All right, that's what they say. But I
just want to point out the fact that
when we look at the monthly market
cipher B, we are getting awfully close
to printing the coveted green dot on the
monthly time frame. This is a coveted
signal that is very rare. The last time
we had one was January 2023.
Now, of course, the momentum wave still
has some room here. We may have a month
or two or three. The VWAP is pointing to
the upside close to the zero line. So
right now I'd say the monthly market
cipher B is in the same position that it
was in October
2022. Now remember back in October 2022,
what did we see? We saw a massive drop
giving us a move down about from the
candle close of October to that low 25%.
Also, let's not forget at the end of the
bare market last time when we had a
little bit of a bounce from 17K from the
top of that bounce to the low was about
40% drop. All right, so the bottom is
near. That doesn't mean we can't see
volatility like 40% drops. All right,
just just a quick reminder about that.
But we are seeing things closer and
closer to bottoming out. the 3-week time
frame. Again, when we confirmed the
green dot last time, it meant the low
was very close to being in. When we go
to the two week, where we've already
confirmed the green dot, we can [music]
see the last time we confirmed the big
boy green dot, that next drop was the
bottom.
Now, there's something that we need to
be very aware of, which is this, [music]
guys. Would you look at this? All right.
Would you look at this? All right. We're
We're going to go ahead and I need to be
very precise. I need to be extremely
precise with this trend line here. All
right. Going to go ahead take my Ray my
good friend Ray Sweet Baby Rays barbecue
sauce. Little high fructose corn syrup.
And I just want to point out the fact
that the weekly candle
has closed above this trend line. This
is a major thing. The monthly candle,
guys, technically speaking, let's we we
you know what? Let's let's really zoom
in on this and see how that monthly
closed. All right, 76256
my 256k modem from 1998 when I'm logging
on to AOL to check my email. Let's go
back to the weekly.
Oh my goodness, guys. Yeah, definitely
uh definitely that candle closed
um
above the trend line. Yeah, for sure.
Right. We closed the candle right here
above the trend line. Yeah. So guys,
this is crazy. We closed a monthly
candle above the bare market trend line.
This is significant. All right. This is
significant halt. Not only that, it
the second blue candle we've had in a
row on the monthly. Haven't seen
anything like that since the bull
market. All right. I'd call that a ch,
man. If I was an ICT trader, I'd call
that a chachch. A change of character.
You know, you thought you knew Bitcoin's
character to be bearish, but now we got
a ch, baby. She was bearish, but now
she's bullish cuz we got the ch. You
know,
we got the ch. You guys like the chach?
Put a one in the chat if you love the
ch, you know. Just smash up a one in the
chat,
you know. If you like the ch. Hey yo, do
you love the ch? Smash up a one in the
chat. Close a candle above the trend
line. What you think about that? The
bears trying to push it down, but the
bulls go kapat. [music]
Take it down, cool it up, [__] it, and
gack gat. Now the bears are dead, lying
on the street, and their trades are in
the red. While I'm walking on my feet
and the treadmill, you know we're making
so much profit. Pumping right up to the
resistance. [music] Can you spot it?
Just drop it. Uh, now here we coming
back. We got the trend line coming in.
It's looking like that. The key level
78628,
the daily order block. Baby, bears can
wait. You can see that they're just
trying to frustrate the people in the
house when they are prorating the level
of the price that you got to pay. Now
sit back, relax, and let me hear you
say, "Do you like the ch?" Yeah. You
like the ch?
Yeah, I love the chach. Uh, I got the
chach. Yeah. Hey yo, ch for breakfast. I
eat chach for lunch. I eat chach for
dinner. And I eat it for brunch, baby.
We got the mimosas and the orange juice.
Got the vodka, the champagne. That's how
we do. Pop it open. We [music] popping
bottles of water. We got the pea jug.
You know that you want to pee. When
you're walking on the treadmill, you got
to be the man. When you see the plan,
got [music] to get out of the land. When
you're driving MercedesBenz, you know we
be riding. You hit the gas. We going so
fast. All the bears behind us. We're
going past,
then we blast. It ain't no disaster.
To the moon we going fast
man. 4our time frame looking so juicy,
so insane. You love the ch.
[music] I love the ch baby. Yeah. You
love the ch,
man. Josh love the ch. Yeah, he [music]
loves the ch. We got the boss
and the ch. Yeah, we got the boss and
the ch. [music] ICT shouts. Big shouts.
All right. Yeah. So, we got all that on
the monthly.
All right. Make sure to smash up the
likes on the monthly.
Um, yeah, we got a lot of ones in the
chat.
So,
so shout out to Miss Jessica Lion
who can't accept 60K is the bottom. I
mean, it is hard to accept. I'm not
going to lie. It is hard to accept. Um,
but the truth is we got the chach and
here's what I'm looking at, right?
Remember, we still see volatility.
We're on our weekly time frame. One more
bullish thing here, guys, is that we
have flipped money flow from purple to
blue, which means like the next dip very
well could be the dip. Now, the question
is, how much do we dip? How much do we
dip?
Um,
Shout out to Turtle Trader. I love the
boss and the chach. All right. Shout out
to Flipper Frank. I'm Chach Chachnian.
You're Chachnian.
Um,
I'm
don't understand how it works, but most
my kids came from the chach.
Did they? Okay.
Um,
yeah. So, okay. Okay, now we're now
let's get down. We got the daily time
frame.
Here's the thing. If we do get a higher
high around $80,000, then we do need to
just be aware that we could have some
some daily bearish div, another drive.
We technically had one drive of bear div
here. We've been saying since this
happened on Monday, the 27th of April,
that we think probably we're going to
take that high. We didn't even take the
highs on all exchanges, right? So, we
would have some daily bare dive there.
We would also have some 4hour bear div
there. So what we really need to be
watching right now in the event of a
pump
is simply a fake out of this, right? A
fake out of this.
That's going to be the next thing to
watch out for. Now something else
um just to be aware of now is that when
we go to our weekly time frame
and we zoom out,
what is coming up also?
But the big support resistance flip,
right? So, literally we have this zone
of resistance right here
between 80K and like 80,500. And
we do have, you know, I'd say even 81K
coming up towards this area here. It is
some resistance. So, just be aware of a
fake out, right? I mean, seriously, my
my bullishness will go away if we do
this, right? And then we're coming back
down under, right? come back down under
and
I would expect that
well we would probably make our way back
down towards this this area honestly you
know um and once we're losing this trend
line guys then I would expect that we
are probably going to make our way down
back to the low of the range all right
so my bullishness and I am feeling
bullish right now because right now the
market structure is bullish we're
holding support we're seeing bullish
signs
that will switch to bearishness if we
get fake outs with bearish divergences
and lose key support. It's as simple as
that, right? We're traders. We trade the
chart. The data on the chart switches to
bearish. Then, um, you know, we're
bearish. Why am I wearing my high school
hoodie? Yeah, this is my high school
hoodie. My alma m. All right. My alma
mater. Alma is Hebrew for virgin. Well,
or young woman. And mater is Greek for
mother. So, my virgin mother. My virgin
mother is this. All right. My high
school. My virgin mother. My virgin
mother.
You know, isn't it weird you call it
your alma mater? Your virgin mother.
What was your virgin mother? My virgin
mother is Oxford University.
Oh, yes. Oxford University is my virgin
mother. Princeton and um Yale, of
course. Harvard is my virgin mother.
When I graduated from my virgin mother,
I dressed up in a strange Masonic gown
and went through some strange ceremony.
I don't fully understand what it means,
but I'm officially smart now. I've got a
piece of paper.
I'm very smart. My virgin mother. My
virgin mother was Harvard. How did we
get here? How did we get here? I don't
know. But look.
Um,
yes. This is my high school hoodie. Why
am I wearing it? cuz it's a little bit
cold out, man. And my blowofin hoodie is
in the wash. I had my blowofin hoodie,
right? My blowofin hoodie. I wore it for
like 2 months straight. It smelled so
bad. My kids say, you know, could you
please shower? I said, look, it's not
me. It's the hoodie. Or I've been
wearing it. And my wife's like, "Why
don't Why do you wash that thing? It's
been like 2 months." I told her, "Look,
I don't want to put it in the hamper cuz
if I do, I I might not see it again for
like 7 years. by the time it gets
washed, I might not see it again for
seven years. She said, "Why don't you
just wash it yourself?" I said, "You
know, that's a great idea, babe."
So, I did. I washed it myself. But
here's the thing. Now, it's it's now
it's it's in the it's in the clean
laundry basket upstairs. So, I had to
wear my Virgin Mother hoodie. All right.
Is my necklace fully green now? My
blowfin pure gold chain? No, it's not
fully green. No. Here's my pure gold
blow finch chain. Now, it's been out in
this humid garage
now since I got back from tropical
paradise. It looks still pretty good,
I'd say. All right.
It's so cold it feels like lunatics are
blocking the sun on purpose.
Yeah. Right. Um [music]
but yeah, look,
it's called that bec Oh, never mind. You
want to run your trading bot on on
Antarctic? We we should get that going,
man. You know, we should get that going.
So, let's get back to the Bitcoin price
action as we are want to do on this
channel.
We go to the 1 hour time frame. And I do
have to say this, guys. Right now,
we don't have any bearish divergences
here. 24-minut time frame, we don't have
any bearish divergences. This to me on
the low time frames looks like a bull
flag. All right. This is pure bull
flaggery right here. This looks like
pure bull flaggery to me. Does this look
like pure bull flaggery to you guys?
It looks like pure bull flaggery to me.
Just just the way that the market cipher
looks right now. We're not seeing a
decrease in money flow. We're not seeing
a decrease in momentum. We are seeing a
pump up and a consolidation.
And so therefore, what I would like to
see now is simply just uh maybe maybe
the bull flaggery comes down to around
the 777
zone. Let's pull out another Fibonacci
from the last low to the high.
Yeah, look, the golden pocket coming in
right around 776. The support resistance
flip. Let's take a look at the volume of
this rise.
Not exactly what I want to see. Well,
when you don't when you don't see what
you want to see, keep switching it up
until you see what you want. Now, I'm
seeing more what I want. Yeah. So, like
to 777. This is the zone, right? This is
the zone here. Look, when you don't see
what you want to see,
just keep on um
keep on pulling different things until
you see what you want to see. You got to
force the TA to fit. You got to force
the TA, you know. I'm not even joking.
That's not even sarcastic, guys. That's
not even sarcastic. You know, they call
me the confluence sniffer. I'm always
sniffing out for that confluence. You
know, look at these big nose holes.
I'm sniffing out those confluences. If I
if I see a level I like, I'm sniffing
out. I'm forcing some other confluences
to come out there. All right.
All right. Big shout out to my cryptog
goods in the chat. Big shout out to
Around Town27 in the chat. Big shout out
to Chris Swimmer 7528 in the chat. Looks
like a PDW, a parodactyl drinking water
pattern. [music]
Um,
don't make trading decisions based off
the chat. That ain't trading.
Yeah, make that bullish TA by force.
Honestly,
that honestly is the way. I know it
sounds crazy, but honestly, like there
is there is something to be said about
forcing your fib to fit. If you need a
if you need a golden pocket, you got to
force it somehow, you know. Or if you
need if you need a PO, if you need a PC,
you also got to force it somehow, you
know. You gota you got to stack those
confluences. All right, there some of
them are hidden. But I'm not even
kidding. I'm not even kidding. You got a
level of interest. See what else is
there. See what else you could fit. You
know, see what else you could fit there.
Watch this. Watch this.
Look at that. Like literally the golden
pocket perfectly fits right there. right
on that P. Isn't that amazing? You know,
you just tweak it a little bit. Take it
from the low. Ah, doesn't quite fit, but
now it fits fits your narrative. You
know what I'm saying? You You got to You
got to You got to pull your fibs to fit
the narrative. Pull the fib to fit the
narrative. All right. It's just It's
just like what the media does, right?
You got to pull the fib to fit the
narrative.
I'm not even joking, though. That's the
thing. When I'm when I'm looking for key
levels, I'm really just looking for
anything I can to get some kind of
confluence there, you know. Um, why is
it snowing where you are? I don't know,
man. I'm not a meteorologist. Because
you know who is is my wife. My wife's a
true meteorologist. A meteorologist.
Are you too late? I don't think so, man.
I think the next opportunity right now
for for a nice strong long is right
around this area here.
Right.
And I think we break out. I think we hit
above 80,000. I think we take out these
highs at 79448.7
on by bit inverse perpetual USD.
I just don't know when. I just don't
know when it's going to happen, man. All
right.
Yeah. Confluence.
Confluence.
[music]
You can find You can fit a lot of
compliments. Yeah, you can fit a lot of
compliments. All right.
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
So, if we reclaim $80,000. All right.
Let's just just continue this scenario
here, right? Let's go back to our daily.
Let's just acknowledge the fact that
[music] things could get extremely
bullish. They could get more bullish
than a lot of us want. And that may very
well be by design. All right? Because
again, if the if they if the market
wrecks the most people, and most people
right now are not expecting the low to
be in, um maybe the low's not in, but
maybe we get a lot more of a pump here
because notice this. Once we're getting
above, let's call it $81,000 support
resistance flip.
Look at this, guys. Just just look on
the weekly time frame especially.
There is no resistance. There's no
resistance until we're coming up to
around 93K. All right, that weekly order
block. There is no resistance on the
weekly until 93K. In addition to that,
we pull the volume profile from all of
this, right? Again, until we're coming
up, we have the value area low at like
86.
That's going to be important. But then
we don't have anything until around 93
to 96,000.
We could see a very fast move up. And
honestly, if we're going to start to
come up that much, it would not shock me
to see the macro Fibonacci golden pocket
hit. Now, remember here, if this is
truly a downtrend, right? If this truly
is a downtrend, which which we are in,
right? So, we don't have to be
hypothetical about if this is a
downtrend.
But if we've changed market structure on
these high time frames, which we have,
right? This is the daily time frame. I'm
sorry, this is the weekly time frame.
We're making high low lower high lower
low, right? We got ourselves a big old
move to the downside.
You know, I don't know how you want to
draw this,
but
where would now we look for that back
test? We would look for it around here,
honestly. And that's going to be around
$100,000. The Fibonacci golden pocket,
which is also a very important,
obviously 100K was important resistance
back in 2024. It was important support
right here in 2025 and support again.
Look at this very important level here.
[music] Our weekly candle bodies giving
us resistance, resistance, support,
wicks down to support on October 6th.
And so, yeah, this could be where we
actually come to. And and if the
bottom's not in, we could do something
either come down to make a double
bottom, come down toward this area, and
then pump. Honestly, that is a real
possibility right now, especially if the
monthly is going to give us a green dot.
Like, we have to say if the monthly
gives a green dot,
this really could be a thing, right? Or,
and here's the thing, if we are coming
up to 100,000, if we're going to make a
lower low, we're going to have to have
some kind of black swan event, right?
We're going to have to have some kind of
crazy news facilitated black swan event
to take us down to that next support
resistance split from January 2024. and
then uh August 2024 and then you know to
take to come down here it would have to
be some kind of news facilitated event
cuz I can't imagine printing a monthly
dot green and then getting a drop of
you know 55% that that would be pretty
insane that I don't think we've ever
seen anything like that. Uh have we ever
seen a monthly green dot and then a drop
that big? Of course look we don't have
to see it the same thing every single
time.
Uh, I guess the only time we saw
something like that was over here.
We confirmed the monthly green dot
and then immediately make a lower low on
the index. Yep. Coming down 50%. Okay.
So, it's happened before. It's happened
before, guys, in 2015. Now, of course,
the market cap of Bitcoin was much much
much lower. It would it was way easier
to make that move happen back then than
it would now. Um, we get our green dot
confirmed.
And then we do in COVID times get a drop
of about Okay. All right. 70%. Okay.
It's happened twice. Okay. It's happened
twice now. Last time it happened, we
didn't get any kind of drop down. All
right. But based on the last three,
there's a 66
not 66% chance, but 66% of the time
[music] we did get an insane drop after
the monthly green dot confirmed.
Although the low was in the first time
we made a lower low back here in 2015,
[music]
right? We actually took that low at
least on the index. I don't think all
exchanges took that low back here.
Um but then here of course in 2020
um we got that. Yeah, this is a pretty
Yeah, from 2019 to 2020 we made a higher
low with a wick down about $700 higher
than the absolute low.
Um yeah, so that'll be very interesting
to watch what happens. And I still think
we need to have some kind of uh
facilitation from some kind of
fundamental uh world event going on very
similar to what happened with the vid.
The vid um
you know this was the vid back here.
The V to the I to the D, you know.
So yeah, that's that's kind of the deal.
If we do break up, we could we could
potentially see Bitcoin back test
$100,000.
And I do really think if Bitcoin's back
testing $100,000,
just think of how bullish people will
get, right? Think of how bullish people
will get because
most people are not looking at the chart
and thinking things through the way
we're doing now. Most people
when they see it pump, they think it's
bullish and when they see it dump, they
think it's bearish. Okay, I there was so
much um a lot of well I shouldn't say so
much, but I saw a lot of people talking
about how bullish 2026 was going to be
for Bitcoin, right? Saying how 2026 is
going to be insane. We're going to go to
200,000 in 2026, right? When we're up
here consolidating, people are talking
about that.
And so again, like once we're over 100K,
the mentality of the of the Bitcoin
normies, Bitcoin normies, I mean, just
people that are holding Bitcoin, they
don't trade. They don't trade, right?
They're just like, huddle, buy, huddle,
huddle, buy. The sentiment would be we
are so back at 100K cuz that is such a
psychological level. So imagine if we do
get a move up here and we're even
holding above 100K, consolidating, and
then we lose this, right?
Then we lose this and then we get our
our big pullback, right? That would be
that would really be ideal. I I I
wouldn't think we go straight up here. I
don't think this looks like a healthy
bottom. Like someone in the chat said, I
refuse to believe this is the bottom. It
doesn't look like a healthy bottom to me
at all. All right.
Doesn't look like a healthy bottom at
all. We We have not
We have not really found any.
Okay. So, yeah, we did the support that
we bounced from, I'm pretty sure, was
the value area high or maybe the PC of
this, right? Let's go ahead and
Yeah. Okay. All right. Fair enough.
That only happens on buy bit, by the
way. That only happens on buy bit, by
the way, where where you hit the level
to the dollar like that. So, fair
enough. Fair enough. We hit that level.
Actually, we front ran the level by a
little bit.
It just I don't know. I we we haven't
tapped into any kind of major support. I
just don't feel like the low is in. It's
very rare that you would frontr run
something like the macro Fibonacci
golden pocket from bare market low to
high and you front run it by a couple
thousand bucks like that and the low is
in, right? It it just makes so much more
sense that we need to establish that
yeah, the low is in, right? We need to
come and back test it in some way with
either a higher low or a lower low,
right? We either need to get a higher
low and and confirm that we're heading
into bullish market structure or get a
capitulation wick and then a reclaim and
then hold that base and then we can say
this looks really healthy because the
market tried to push lower was unable to
and then we established our base right
here. Right? This this would be the
healthiest looking kind of bottom like
what happened over here. Right?
We we we had our low, we came below,
then we established our base, and then
we pump, right?
That's kind of like what you want to
see. Like even over here, right? We had
the base right around here.
We tried to wick below, we couldn't. We
come above, we hold the base, and then
boom. Right? We don't see anything even
close to that right now. In fact, right
now, what we see here looks very similar
to all these kinds of ranges that we've
seen so far in the bare market where we
just take the highs and then boom, we
lose the range. Take the highs and then
boom, we lose the range. Right? So,
right now, we're taking the highs. We're
seeing the chach. We're seeing something
different here. We're seeing some very
bullish signs here.
You know, a as as a trader, I I I don't
like to the idea of people losing money,
but I do hope this turns into an epic
bull trap so that we can get in at at
lower prices here. Whoa,
Bitcoin pumping, baby.
Bitcoin is pumping like a wild lady in
distress right now.
I don't know if you guys can spot this
breaking news. Bitcoin pumping like a
wild lady in distress.
Could
this be the bottom when NASDAQ is still
at the top? Well, NASDAQ's always at the
top. Let's be honest.
What are the chances of 79K for today? I
think they're relatively high.
All right, we'll see what happens before
New York closes in like 2 hours or so.
Two two two hours 20 minutes. All right,
[music] let's see.
Is there a full moon now? Probably,
right? Probably.
Probably.
There probably is a full moon right now,
honestly, which is bullish, right?
So, if the Bitcoin ETFs are just IUS,
[music] says Chris Swimmer,
then couldn't they mess around with the
actual onchain BTC while their customers
[music] are none the wiser?
I mean, any Yeah, anytime there's an ETF
there there's there's a potential for
some hanky panky to go on for sure,
right? The yearly VWAP is flat as it
gets sideways between 83K and 60 for a
lot longer. Yeah, maybe. Maybe
says a a nuke threat is what it took for
me to be a profitable trader. Do I ever
use limit orders? Yeah, I use limit
orders. I use limit orders.
What was my short entry trigger? This is
a short I added to from the one we took
from the exact top in in the Casper Crew
VIP Discord at jasonaspertrading.com.
We took it from [music] this top over
here.
And that one was basically this. Um, if
I if I see a swing fail pattern, I'll go
for it. Uh, I took it.
And that's the trigger. All right. The
short I'm in right now, this specific
short, I I have added to that specific
position. [music] All right. So now I've
got about 375,000 on the trade instead
of 250,000.
Put about $175,000
onto the short trade. just in case a
local top is in here, right? No real
short trigger for for taking a freshy
from here unless you're just going based
on the uh the the daily level only. But
we are starting to get a little bit of a
pooperon and cheese here.
Man, are we going to break 80K now? Can
you imagine if we break 80K right now?
Oh man, that would be just all my hopes
and dreams coming true. All my hopes and
dreams coming true.
Um,
the legendary green candle is coming.
Moneybag says, "Peak full moon time is
1:23 Eastern in the morning."
Interesting.
Um, [music]
Jose says, "Once the ETFs launched, we
went to the mega range. Do you think
Black Rockck and Friends would like to
come lower uh than when the ETFs
launched?" Um, what did that take us? Up
to 70K.
I mean, it makes sense to me that they
would want to come lower than when the
ETF launched. Um, because, you know,
when you have unlimited money and you
kind of can
not control the price of an asset, but
have a lot of leverage in controlling
the price of an asset, you would really
want it to come down lower. Um,
I mean, look, it regardless of the ETFs
and regardless of all that stuff,
historically speaking,
the cycle bottoms, if we're going to
repeat the same cycle bottom target, we
would have to come below the ETF launch
when that launched in 2024.
And uh, 2024
2020, we were when the ETF launched,
that was right around January. So, we
were right around $43,000.
All right. So,
you know, back in 2025,
let me see here. Does Does Antarctic
didn't exist in 2025?
Do we have that much data here? I don't
think we do. No, we don't. [music] We
don't have that much data on AX.
Yeah. No, Antarctic didn't didn't exist
back in 2025.
So, here's what we have to do.
We have to go to
buy bit. Oh no, we're getting a candle.
What is the shenanigans?
I thought it was up only. This is some
baloney.
I thought it was up only. What's the
What's with this baloney? Let's go back
to 2024.
I'll never forget what things were like
in 2024.
Right here. Here's here's the ETF
launch. All right, I'll never forget I I
can literally look at the Bitcoin chart
and know exactly what's happening during
these times. All right,
the ETF launch happened right around
here. We pumped up to 489. We took the
most epic short trade in the world live
in the Casper Crew New York Open VIP
live stream. I even know why I shorted
it. I'll tell you exactly why. because
we came up to the Fibonacci 618 baby and
I remember that day in the live stream I
said if we lose the 618 I am going to
short we were above we lost it took a
short juicy trade all right now um that
means the Bitcoin price was around
$43ish,000
around the launch of the ETF now
historically the bottom of the bare
market should I say the the low price of
the bare market comes at the 786
Fibonacci. All right, right now the 786
Fibonacci is coming in right around
$39,000.
All right, that would dip us just below
the price where the ETF launched. Very
interesting enough. That's a very
interesting um data point to have there.
But yeah, every time the bottom of the
bare market comes to the 786. Now again,
we are seeing some very bullish signs on
the high time frame. So, if we're going
to dip below 40k,
especially if we break, so contingent on
a lot of things, guys. Remember, when
you're dealing with high time frame
analysis, there's a lot of whatifs. And
so, right now, if this is a real
breakout and we're not going to get a
fake out, and if we can actually come
back inside of this very important
support resistance flip here, right? I
mean, this is a big if. If if we don't
get a fake out here, but we actually
break out, it would take a lot to get us
down to 40K. A lot. Because we could see
100K here, right? I mean, just I just
want to draw the lines on the chart as
simply as possible here.
You know, this support resistance flip
around 100K is very possible if we're
going to reclaim our let's call it
$80ish,000 level, right? we're going to
be back inside the range between 80K and
100K.
So, if we're coming to the top of this
and we get a rejection,
I mean, I I would say
the chances are higher that we make a
higher low, maybe maybe we get an
ultimate breakout and back test of the
trend line and then pump. But if
something happens like I don't know some
there's like an attack on US soil or
something that they blame on Iran or
something
but really it was the United States
doing it to their own people like
always.
Um then I would say like then we could
see something like this happen, right?
And that would be the ultimate buy,
right? That would be the ultimate buy.
So
it it would be has to be something
crazy, you know? It would have to be
something crazy. And it has to be more
than just the war starting again. Cuz
remember, the world is desensitized to
war right now. Like the Russia Ukraine
war has been going on. It's still going
on.
And no one talks about it. No one cares
about it. no one thinks about it doesn't
affect the market at all. Right? Wars
have the ability to affect the market
for a little bit and then they lose
their effect, right? They lose their
effect.
Um, so it would have to be something
novel. It has to be something novel,
you know,
had to be some, you know, it has to be
something that really is shocking.
And there's, you know,
Yeah,
>> you were convinced I had only one shirt.
You know, the truth is
I do have one type of shirt and whenever
I like a piece of clothing, I buy as
many as I can. All right, so if I like a
shirt, I buy like 20. All right, I there
was a time when I had literally like 20
market cipher tanks. They're all worn
out now. But, uh, now I have these tanks
from Amazon, [music] these black tanks
that I like a lot because they can get
real sweaty, but they don't smell and
they don't stay wet.
Um,
aliens. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe some legit
disclosure. That that might be able to
do it, too. Yeah, that could do it, too.
That could do it, too.
Um,
yeah, it would have to be something
shocking and novel. So, yeah, it could
be aliens,
could be like a an attack on US soil.
>> [music]
>> Big shout out to Brandon Garcia.
Shout out to uh Mave Shock who says,
"You better like the stream. I see 35
for my walking warrior. I like to have
my closet like Ernst. When it fits, it
fits." Cool, man. I I don't get the
reference, but I wish I did so I could
so I could appreciate the humor, you
know? I wish I did. All right, here we
go. Bitcoin.
Bitcoin about to pump. [music] Here we
Bitcoin about to pump. Power is drone
power transitioning into a woman.
I know novel by definition is something
we haven't thought of, but most people I
don't think are thinking or have thought
you're right. Too many people have
thought of both of those things, but but
when I say novel, I mean something
unexpected to most people. All right?
Something unexpected to most people. And
let's be honest, those of us trading
Bitcoin and trading in general are not
most people. All right? We are not most
people. Most people
>> just go through life, they get up, they
go to work, they come home, sleep. Get
up, go to work, come home, sleep. Maybe
they watch a little bit of news. Maybe
they watch some kind of crazy,
you know, if they if they're if they're
into any kind of alternative news,
they're probably watching some kind of
controlled opposition
uh bought and paid for by the deep state
um to give them a specific to keep them
to keep them from focusing on things
that really matter. Right? So that's my
that's my concept of the average person,
[music] you know? um they're not really
paying attention to what's going on
and anything to pop them out of the
bubble of get up, go to work, come home,
sleep, get up, go to work, come home,
sleep. Anything to pop that bubble is
very startling and yeah, it would it
would have a big effect, right?
It would have a big effect. Also, don't
forget that the the effect of an event
is also controlled by the media, right?
is controlled by the media. It's
controlled by the internet media outlets
as well as the mainstream media outlets.
They're all combined now. The amount
that they want people to fixate on an
issue or worry about an issue is
controlled by the media. They they have
a dial, right? Anything could happen. A
tree could fall over tomorrow and
everyone would be concerned about it if
the media pushed it as this horrible
thing. Oh no, a tree fell over and now
everyone's talking, did you hear about
the tree that fell over? If they told
you the fact that the tree fell over is
going to kill everybody, people would be
scared. It really just depends on how uh
they want people to perceive any kind of
event. So, anything can be manipulated
and used to become novel, right?
But we got to give a big shout out to
our super chat. First of all, big shout
out to Turtle Trader. All right. God
bless you, Turtle Trader. Thank you so
much for the 10.90 super chat. And shout
out to Jack B58.99.
Thank you so much for the $20 super
chat, man. God bless you. Thank you so
much for the super chat. That's pretty
crazy.
That is pretty crazy. Um,
Economist magazine called the world
ahead 2026.
There's a shipping container shooting at
a cake that says 250 on it for America's
birthday. Interesting. Very interesting.
You always got to pay attention to the
cover of the Economist magazine.
Economist. Economist. Economist.
Um,
if we hit 100K, wouldn't that be a
higher high in the macro and a change in
market structure? Yes. Yes, it would.
So, the only reason why if we see a
confirmed change of market structure,
why I would still be looking for another
drop is because we haven't tested our
base. We haven't tested the base. So,
yes, that would be like macro very
bullish, but we would need to get some
kind of big back test, right? We would
need to um [music]
I guess you you never need to, but
[music] we would either need to get a
big back test or
we would need to the the only other way
around that would be this, right?
I I have a feeling I have a feeling a
move up to this would cause mass buying
at the top which would open up a very
good opportunity for big players to make
money on a short.
The only way this could happen is we
pump up and we form some kind of a range
here and this range in itself gives us a
base and then we locally form a nice
bottom here, right? We locally form our
base and back test it and then can
continue up. Those are the only two ways
it could really happen. We either need
to back test the base we have now at
least or the the only other way to get
around that is you you pump and you
range and you form an accumulation range
up in this area, right?
Similar to this, right? We pumped, we
ranged, we formed an accumulation range,
we formed a really nice base right here
and then we pumped or even this right
back here. We pump up this entire summer
from March until October. We form a
really nice range and we we actually did
take the low here on some exchanges. On
this one, we just did a double bottom,
but we we formed a really nice range.
Uh we formed a base
We're back, I guess. Man, that was that
was wild, huh?
All right, we're back, baby. Woo! Man,
that was a close one. Almost got rugged.
Got rugged on that one.
Is there an issue? Yeah, it's No, it's
me, guys. It's not you. It's me. Look,
it's not you. It's me. All right. I just
don't think this is working. It's not
you. It's me. But it's just not working.
You know, I got to work on myself. I got
to work on my own internet,
you know? It's not you, it's me. I got
to work on my own internet here.
[music]
>> Let me make sure I'm not going to get
copyright struck with this. No, we're
good.
I like I really like this playlist here.
>> This a good playlist.
All right, we're going in for the for
the high here, guys.
Yeah, we could just be friends. You know
what I'm saying? We could just be
friends.
Um, [music]
yeah. The problem is me, guys.
The problem is me.
Let's see how the order flow is doing.
Here we have a big increase of open
interest.
Look at this increase of OI here
the whole way up. This is the one minute
chart. Look at the increase of open
interest. Big big increase. Look at the
15-minute chart, guys. Look at this. We
are actually forming a little bit of
bullish CVD right here. Man, this looks
extremely bullish to me. I think we are
about to pump right now above $80,000.
It looks like it's about to happen. We
are seeing bullish absorption right now
with this
bullish absorption right now with this.
[music and singing]
>> You have third grade spelling
cryptocons. I probably do too as well,
man. Honestly, I probably do too.
I'm a little bit [__] They call me
LBR. LBR.
Here we go, guys. Get ready for the
pump. Honestly, it's it's about to come
right now. I can feel it in my bones.
It's about to happen right now.
We got some bullish some some pretty
bullish CVD here, man. We have we had a
lot of shorts trying to short this.
We're forming a nice little
even now. Even now, we're trying to see
people short this, right? Even Even in
this area, more shorts are opening up.
Here we go, guys. Prepare for liftoff.
Prepare for liftoff. This short trade is
going to get stopped out for a
like a like a $1,700 profit. We're going
to make 1,700 bucks on this short and
then our long from FOMC is open, baby.
And our swing trade is open as well.
Man, I feel that pump coming. I feel the
pump coming.
There's too much shorting right now.
We're probably going to pump. I feel the
pump coming.
You know, I feel it. You guys feel the
pump coming? I feel the pump coming. Do
you guys feel the pump coming?
Hey yo, I feel the pump coming. All the
bears, they be running. [music]
If you're a bear, don't you know we be
hunting you through the woods just like
you should? You're coming out on the
other side looking like a piece of wood.
So dang [music] frozen. The Bitcoin
price. Don't you know we are the chosen?
When you see the people shorting on the
top, you got the bullish CBD sit back,
relax and just listen to me. It means
[music] we about to pump. When the
whales absorb right into the rump market
cipher be giving bullish signals got the
order flow looking like a fig mo
figments. Your imagination looking
[music] crazy today. Sit back, relax,
listen to your good friend Jay. He's
your awkward uncle over on Thanksgiving.
The [music] Bitcoin price. The order's
about to fill in kaching. We making
profits all day. Coming to the treadmill
to get paid. We give it to you straight.
We never give it gay. [music] Jay
serious. You know the boy don't ever
play. Another day, another trade. Be so
dang hungry. But we eating from the
trades [music]
cuz you know we give the setups in
advance in the Casper crew. Blue candles
about to pump. Let me show you. Uh we
got a little dirty perk coming out
trying to give you the herp. So dang
dirty. You know, it's looking [music]
like she's 30 years old, coming out like
she heard it. She heard the rumors, but
now we got the tumors. We're pumping
back [music] up. So don't listen to the
scubers. The scuba divers underwater and
you know they be trying. Every day they
catch the fish, they be flying. Here we
go. About to make the profit. Tippy top.
It don't even know. Baby, can you spot
it? Then we rock it. Market makers try
to drop it, but they can't. Jason Casper
looking like he's on a rant. Ranting
[music] about the market makers
liquidating his lungs before they pull
the trigger. They're coming back. Golden
pocket retest. You know it is the best.
Only train [music] arms. Never train
legs but only chest. Curling in the
squat rack. That's how you get it back.
Can I work in? Heck no. I got 20 sets
left. Yeah, cuz you know I got the 10 on
the barbell. Curling it with all my good
friends. Working in, working out in the
gym. Jake Casper, baby, where do we
begin? We got the long trace pulled up
600,000. Now sit back and can you hear
the sound? And boom. The Bitcoin price
to rocket straight up into the stars to
the moon. Can you top it? Yeah. And
don't you know you want to kiss this
Jake Casper in the house. You know he
never dissed this to trick this. You
know it's so dang specific. He's outside
eating cat food like the fiscet. Yeah.
[music] The tuna and the shrimp.
Disgusting. You're looking like you want
to wear a bust ring. Uh, we got the
gold, we got the Rolex. I'mma tell you
what the Bitcoin's going to do next.
Yeah, we got the car, got Ferrari.
Looking like I don't apologize. I'm not
sorry for longing the bottom and
shorting the top. You know, we never
spot them to get the drop. You know, we
never caught them, but we [music] still
out here. We making profits. Sit back.
We pass the golden pocket. Uh, now we
got another few green candles coming on
in, baby.
You know, we got another few candles
coming on in, baby. Here we go.
Here we go.
Time to dump. Nah, we ain't dumping,
guys. We ain't going to dump here. Seems
a little offbeat today. Let me check. I
just updated my streaming software.
Maybe I have to reset my time.
Maybe I have to reset the time. It's
always the worst when you're a little
offbeat, you know? Makes me feel ultra
white,
you know.
Ultra white covered in bleach.
Makes me feel like I need to get some
sun.
Get a little bit of sun.
Let's see. Let's do a Let's do a sound
check. [music]
Freaking pump by the way guys
[music]
outside.
is a little bit offbeat. Yeah, I think
what I you know I have to fix my my um
streaming software.
[music] I'll have to do it after the
stream, baby.
We'll have to do it after the stream.
[music]
Oh, you know what? Yeah, I just I just
updated my streaming software, which
means
means a lot of stuff. It means that's
why my voice is clipping today,
you know. Head and shoulders. We're
going to dump. Nah, we're not going to
dump, guys. Guys are so funny, guys.
We're not going to dump. We're not going
to dump. Look at the order flow right
now. What makes you guys think we're
going to dump? We have bullish CBD
divergences.
Look at this open interest. We have
longs in control.
Increase of open interest. Longs in
control. Now we're seeing people trying
to short. Look at the shorts opening up
right now. We're seeing the CBD getting
lower here.
We're seeing shorts opening. Trying to
push price down, but they can't. This
ain't no head and shoulders, baby. We're
about to pump, right? We're about to
pump. All right. Let's wait and see if
I'm right. Let's see if I'm right or
wrong. All right, let's take a poll. Am
I right or wrong? Let's see if I'm Let's
take a poll. We'll take a poll in the
chat.
Am I right or wrong?
Take a poll here. Am I right or wrong?
Am I right or wrong? Right or wrong?
Yeah, I'll blame it on the Wi-Fi if we
dump. Honestly,
I'm left. Yeah. Am I right or left?
Let's see. Let's see what you guys say.
We got 71% say I'm right. 64%.
65. That's a solid D.
65% you can graduate from where I went
to high school. Now we're 65%. All
right, we're graduating, baby. We're
graduating right now. Let me take off
this weighted vest and then we'll be
back.
[music]
See where we're at now.
All right. 66%. I'll take it.
>> Here we go. About to pump. Here we go.
[music]
>> You don't know why you marked this exact
area as your short zone. It's probably
because uh James because of the daily
level, right?
>> Emer man, do you see a bullish bro?
How much weight was on that vest? Not
much. 25 lbs. 25 lb weighted vest. I'm
taking it easy today, guys. You know, um
I'm doing a 24-hour fast, so I'm just
kind of taking it easy. Don't have the
40 lb vest. Just trying to get 20,000
steps in.
You know
what? What What do you see? Uh Memory
Man, big shout out to Memory Man, by the
way.
I think we're going to pump honestly.
trading has made you sober and jacked,
but you suck at trading and quitting.
Just shut the laptop. Honestly, that's
what you got to do. Shut the laptop and
have a phone that's uh has no no no
charts on it. Honestly, that helps me a
lot. I'm not even kidding. Have a no
chart phone and shut the laptop.
Does Antarctic have a margin increase?
I'm I'm not sure.
[singing and music]
Did I have I'm a pretty big guy. Have I
ever had injuries? By the grace of God.
By the grace of God.
Thank you, Jesus. I have never had
injuries by God's grace and mercy.
Um,
and when I was younger too, I used to do
some stupid stuff. But honestly, I'll be
honest with you right now, I I really
try to train smart. All right.
It's It's not about lifting heavy. It's
about
it's about consistency and it's about
challenging the muscle under tension
uh and progressively getting better at
putting more tension on the muscle,
which often times means lowering the
weight and focusing on your form
and really trying to target the muscle
you're trying to work. Like if I'm
trying to actually feel my chest on the
bench press, I'm going to use a lot
lower weight. If I'm trying to bench as
much as possible,
I won't even feel my chest, right? My
delts and my triceps will take over. Um,
but there's all that added weight on the
shoulders and the elbows. [music] Um,
so,
you know, that's that's kind of how I
look at it now. I'm trying not to get
injured. So, I avoid things like
deadlifting and squatting a lot. Like I
I don't like to deadlift and squat even
every week. Maybe once a month I'll do a
real deadlift and a real squat with
heavy weight. Other than that, I'm just
doing,
you know, the the
what people call accessory exercises cuz
I'm not trying to like get a lower back
injury. I'm not trying to get a shoulder
injury. I'm not trying to get a knee
injury,
you know? I'm not trying to do that.
bar has been doing three rounds and max
reps on the third round. That's what's
up.
They should have uh arbitrum as well.
Paradigm miner. They have they have a
few different networks that you can use.
They have arbitum. That's the one I use.
I use arbitum. It's fast, very low fees.
Do I use an app to count steps? Yeah, I
do. I do. What do I think about learning
to trade using chat GBT? I don't know.
I've never done it, but I would say um
but
>> [snorts]
>> uh couldn't hurt. I feel like it's
probably a really good thing to do
because Chad GBT can objectively
probably help you back test a strategy
and and give you the mechanics on how to
actually use that properly and implement
good risk management. You know, strategy
wasn't around.
Any recommendation for no KYC exchanges?
Well, first of all, Antarctic is a
decentralized exchange with a beautiful
mobile app, operates like a centralized
exchange, and if you use my link, you
get 0% limit order, 0.02% 02% market
order. KSEX has the lowest fees in the
world. All right. Uh, Blow Fin
also super low fees if you use my link.
All right. All of these are nonKYC
exchanges.
All right. Also, if you're looking for a
prop firm, non KYC, Bitfunded,
uh, actually, I think you need the KYC
on Bitfunded, but you don't need a VPN.
You don't need a VPN.
Jason's the type of guy to have his wife
sit in the back for better weight
distribution.
Maybe.
I think the OGs who have been in AX from
the beginning are going to be very, very
happy when everything's said and done.
Is there still a chance we hit VWAP
before pumping? Yes, there's still
always a chance. Yes, there is. Yes,
there is. You know, yes, there is.
You're all calisthenics and stronger at
42 than you were at 30. That's what's
up. That's honestly [music] what's up,
right? Sop playing with the weight and
volume. Yeah, for sure. Like I trust me,
I love squatting and I love deadlifting
and I would do it every week. I'm not
even kidding you. I I I I
would. [music] Um and if it's all I have
is a barbell, then I will. But um
I don't know. See, here's the thing.
It's hard to know if I'm old
or strong. Like, and same with like
everything in life, it's so hard to know
if you just know your body better or if
you're old. Cuz like
when I when I squat or deadlift hard and
I'm really pushing it every week, I
mean, I I can't recover from that. And
again, I don't know if it's cuz I'm
stronger than I used to be cuz like the
weight I'm doing now, I I was never even
close to that in my 20s.
Um,
but I will tell you the amount of like
fatigue that I get and and stiffness
that I get just like waking up feeling
old after like a heavy squat day, heavy
deadlift day.
I just I don't I don't feel like it's
worth it for me, you know? Um, I've
noticed that with a lot of stuff, like
even like even like my diet. Like when I
was in my 20s, if me and my wife went
out to like the diner at like 2:00 a.m.
for some gyros
and curly fries, which used to happen
quite a bit. The next morning, you wake
up feeling normal,
right?
But now, if I did that, I feel like I
need a week to recover and feel back to
myself. And I don't know if it's cuz I'm
old or it's because I'm in tune with my
body.
And I push my body harder, so I need I
need like better fuel in this. I don't
know. It's hard to say. I am pretty old.
I'm almost 40.
Almost 40.
Vitamin T. I will never get on vitamin T
Lord Black video unless unless I have a
problem with low tea. But here's the
thing. I can usually keep my tea around
the high sixes, low sevens without any
vitamin T
and um and I feel good and I feel
strong. Um
so I don't want to go on vitamin T cuz
here's the thing. As soon as you go on
vitamin T, aka start injecting um
testosterone [music]
now, for the rest of your life, probably
[music] you're going to be dependent on
exogenous testosterone just to feel
normal. So, as a prepper, as a
homesteader, as somebody who's expecting
the fecal matter to come into contact
with the revolving apparatus at any time
to shut down the supply chain and shut
the whole world down, I don't want to be
feeling like a 90-year-old woman in the
midst of a fecal matter coming into
contact with the revolving apparatus
situation. You know, I'd rather keep my
body producing natural amounts of
hormones through proper lifestyle. you
know, that's just my own prerogative. My
own is that did I even use prerogative
in that proper way? I don't know. Um,
I go to a doctor and order labs, but you
can also just go on life extension and
order whatever you want, but I I go to a
um functional medicine doctor.
So, you can get the blood test. You can
also do the saliva test for the
hormones. In fact, they say it's better
to do hormones with the saliva tests.
So, I do both
to get the the hormone panel and stuff.
Um,
are we still going to pump? I feel like
we are. You know, that's true. That goes
with any drug addiction. That goes with
peptides. That goes with everything.
Like,
I'm very I'm very uh not paranoid, but
I'm very cautious. like I don't I don't
want to be taking anything cuz [music]
I'm I'm don't want to be dependent on
anybody else, you know? It smells like a
fire out here.
I'm trying to see what's burning.
Let's see if I can see smoke anywhere.
It smells like a fire out here.
No, I don't see any smoke. I wonder what
that smell is.
Well, CryptoClown World just farted.
Okay, I Here comes the pump, guys. Here
comes the pump, baby.
Here comes the pump.
Here comes the pump. Nah, it's not the
oven. No, I didn't leave the oven on
this time. I do leave the oven on a lot,
though. You guys already know your boy
leaves the oven on a lot.
Now, no squash in the oven today.
What do I think about ganja? I mean,
to each their own. If you like ganja,
you know, by all means, for me,
objectively speaking, I don't think the
ganja ever did anything positive for me.
I think it only did negative things for
me.
definitely made me lazier. It made me
fatter.
Um,
made me tired. It made me less
productive. Made me weaker.
Um,
yeah, I don't think it contributed
anything good into my life except making
me feel good [music] in the moment, the
first high of the day, and then [snorts]
progressively feeling more and more
burnt out, trying to duplicate that
first high of the day and never quite
doing it. And then just basically going
to sleep feeling totally burnt out.
Yeah.
[music]
Delon man go away. Well, I do feel like
we're going to get a pump. Honestly, I
do feel like a pump coming on. I do feel
a pump coming on.
Beetroot juicing and pre-workout are
basically the same. Yeah, for sure. I
And I love I I used to love beetroot
powder. Here's the problem. Beets give
me like intense gas, right? So, I don't
do the beetroot powder, but I know like
Yeah, the nitric oxide is pretty intense
from the beetroot powder.
Um, can we play the pump song on my
guitar for next time? Yeah, I think so.
I think so.
We might need the pump song right now.
Yeah, working out is better than weed.
Honestly, I used to smoke weed and then
work out and it didn't
When you're a stoner, for some reason
you you're in this weird mindset that
everything will be better if you smoke
first. So, I used to think, oh, you
know, I will say there are a few things
in life that really were much more fun,
which is why you you think that, right?
[music]
Like I do have one fond memory of this
one time [music] me and my brother,
we had to help my my grandfather with
some some yard work
and we said, "Yeah, wouldn't it be what
should we smoke?" And we did. And it was
it was probably the most fun one of the
most fun things I've ever or done in my
life. It was it was hilarious. It was
just hilarious. Um
and then my grandfather took us out to a
Cuban restaurant and it was so dang
good. But other than that, other than
that one experience,
pretty much it it it had very negative
effects and I don't do it at all
anymore. Like like I I've renounced it.
I've repented from it. like full up. I I
I I am not going to do that ever again.
I don't that's just my own personal
thing. If other people want to do it,
fine. But, you know,
for me, I'm never doing it again.
Here we go.
Am
I Cuban? I I am Cuban. My My grandfather
is Cuban. Like I mean he was born in
Cuba, but his family actually goes back
to Spain.
So I'm technically Spanish in the full
sense of being from Spain.
But he he who was like the third
generation born in Cuba.
But before that, they go back to Spain.
My grandfather's gonna be 99.
>> My grandfather's going to be 99, which
is crazy. He says it's from when he was
young. He would go into the into the
hills in Cuba and harvest these wild
limes
and put it in the water.
Pump incoming, baby. Here we go.
Pump incoming.
I look like I look like a gringo
leveraged. Yeah. Yeah. I am I am very
gringo. Like I was raised 100% gringo.
So, it's sad, you know, but [music] I
don't know mucho espanol at all,
but you know, it is what it is. It is
what it is.
My grandfather married uh
a second generation
in the United States Italian lady from
Sicily.
And her parents didn't know English at
all. They only spoke Italian.
So, it was very strange for my
grandfather who barely knew English.
He knew English, but he had a thick
accent to try and communicate with his
mother-in-law and father-in-law cuz they
didn't really know English. But, you
know, back in the day, back in the day,
it's not like it is nowadays where
people like maintain their their
culture. People came to America and they
they assimilated into the American
culture, [music]
you know?
So,
the metal pump song. Yeah, maybe maybe
we should. Big shout out to the super
chat. Do I leave my trades open during
the weekend? Yeah. Yes, I do. Yep. Yes,
I do. Yes, I do. Thank you so much for
the super chat, K J Swaggy. I appreciate
you. God bless you.
They used to call you gringo blanco
flaco. That's what's up, man. If we
break this high, I am going to roll out
into the pump song. Honestly,
teaser Coco, I I can't really answer
that question for you. I'm so sorry, but
I It's a It's an impossible to answer
question, man. It's an impossible
question to answer. It it really depends
on your own personal trading plan
and all those kinds of things, man. I
don't know your situation.
So, you got to make sure before you buy
anything that you have [snorts] an exit
plan if it goes your way or if it goes
against your way. You've got to know
already.
We're just waiting on the pump, baby.
I'm trying. We're trying to get the
pump. We're trying hard to get the pump.
It's It's taking a while. Come on, baby.
Come on, baby. Bitcoin, baby.
The Bitcoin, baby.
man.
85.6. Yeah, that would be nice. Big
shout out to the asset house. [music]
Have you read classic Christianity by
Bob George? It's the best explanation of
the true gospel I've ever come across.
Totally changed my walk with God. Thanks
so much for the super chat, the asset
house. I've never even heard of it. So,
I will check it out.
I've never even hoarded Bob George. I'll
check it out.
The pump is waiting on you to sing the
pump song. All right. Do I have the
plunger handy? Yeah, always, guys.
Always. Shout out to Summit Trading
Signals.
Thank you so much for the 699
uh super chat. Thank you so much for the
coffee. I appreciate it. You know, now I
owe you a coffee.
Are you allowed to copy a clip of my
stream from a year ago? Yeah, do
whatever you want.
Do whatever you want.
We'll have to try the pump song.
We'll have to do it.
>> [music]
>> Man, I hope that this pumps I hope this
doesn't dump during the pump song. You
know, sometimes it has a delayed effect,
guys.
This is the this is the 1 hour chart.
But when we zoom into the one minute,
look at this. Look at this pattern here.
Wait, I forgot. We're offbeat. It's
going to be an offbeat pump song.
Yes, it's going to be raw pump song.
Hopefully the offbeat pump song works.
All right, I have to readjust my audio
settings here.
So
[music]
all right. Check check check check check
check.
[music]
Here we go, baby.
Let's go.
[music]
Yeah.
All right. [music]
Here we go. [music]
It is scary. It's really scary.
[music]
You're going to jump. No, we're going to
pump. We're going to [music] pump. Wa!
Treadmill stopped in the middle of the
pump song. That's bearish.
We're going to
pop. We're going to [music]
pop. We're going to
pop.
[music]
Here we go.
Go
[screaming] go go go go go go
go.
Come on, baby.
[music]
We're going to jump. No, we're going to
pop. We're going to jump. No, we're
going to bomb. [music] We're going to
jump. Now we're going to pump the baby.
Let's go. We're going to jump.
We're going to jump.
We're going to jump. [music] Now we're
going to pump the big Let's go.
All right,
we are down to the wire, guys. We got a
bearish bare flag, but we're going to
pump the pump song. Sometimes has a
delayed effect. [music]
Come on, baby. Where's the stop loss?
THERE IS NO STOP LOSS. [laughter]
THERE'S NO STOP LOSS. HIGH LEVERAGE, no
stop loss. WHAT DO YOU think this is?
The Britney Spears trading channel.
[music]
Here we go. [music]
Heat. Heat.
[music]
HEAT. [music]
HEAT.
[music]
WORD.
Woo man. Woo. That's feeling crazy.
All right. Well guys, as we know
sometimes it does have a delay to facts
white. We are getting the the way to
facts now.
now man.
Big Jordy Pro coming in to get the hook.
Pig Jury Pro coming in to get the hope.
Is this legit? Not not quicker.
They're done for the weekend. Is that
real?
He turned into a rupert. Lol.
Oh, the sand is funny. Ha. Okay.
All right. How about Hang on one second.
Hang on.
How's this? This is I think might be the
only solution that we have here.
How's this, guys?
Oh, man. Audio is bad.
Bet you we can hear the treadmill in the
background, too.
Man, big dirty per. You guys were right
in the poll. I should have listened to
you guys. I should have listened to you
guys.
I should have listened to you guys.
Is are we good? Are we back? Are we
good? Are we back? Man, we're going to
dump, man. At least we're still up 56K.
Hang on. Double check this audio here.
Yo yo yo yo yo.
Guys, let me know if this sounds okay.
Yo yo, check, check, check.
Does this sound all right? Let me know.
And check this.
Um,
yo yo, check check.
Can you check? Sure.
You know,
is it better [music] now?
Ah, back to the pre. Okay.
[music]
All right.
All right. We'll have to keep it on
this, guys. We'll have to keep it on
this.
>> We'll have to keep the treadmill in the
back. All right. We'll have to keep the
treadmill in the back.
Looks like a model one distribution.
You're right, it does. But keep in mind,
we are zoomed in really low time frame
here.
So, you know, let's let's go back to
a higher time frame.
You know, this is how we're looking on a
higher time frame.
The quality of the sound you heard
earlier was way better. I don't know how
to get it back to that. So,
let's try this one. Yo, the only way to
I guess check is to hear it for myself.
Let me
log into my iPhone over here.
[snorts]
>> Yo yo yo.
>> Yo, it's Jason Casper. Jason Casper
doing a sound check.
>> Yo, the only way to I guess check is to
hear for myself. Let me
>> Lots of noise in the background here.
>> Log into my iPhone over here.
You can hear every snipple.
>> Yo yo yo.
>> Yo, it's Jason Casper. Jason Casper is
doing a sound check.
>> Yo yo I guess check.
>> Yo, the only way to guess check. Yo,
>> lots of noise in the background.
>> Yo, lots of noise in the background. Yo,
got
>> Yeah, my noise gate don't work. What a
bummer.
What a bummer. What a bummer.
Yeah, man. I guess we're not going to
pump, guys. Well,
that's kind of sad.
That is pretty sad. Let's check the
order flow real quick.
Yeah, we're starting to see some longs
come in now. Looks like the the shorts
have flipped a little bit long here.
No bearish CVD though at least. But um
but here's the thing, guys. I think I'm
going to head out. Honestly, I think I'm
going to head out. I love you guys. God
bless you guys in the name of Yeshua,
Jesus, the Messiah. I pray you and your
families are blessed. I pray you guys
have a good weekend and I will see you
guys, Lord willing, [music] next week.
Peace.